#labels Featured
#This is a page of the error corrections for the published paper.

= Corrections =

*From*:

(_the first paragraph of Page 2_)

Among pairwise local alignment tools are PathBlast (Kelley et al., 2004), MaWISh (Koyutu¨ rk et al., 2005), NetworkBlast (Kalaev et al., 2008), NetAligner (Pache et al., 2012) , *PINALOG* (Phan and Sternberg, 2012) and *SIPINAL* (Aladag and Erten, 2013).
A review by Sharan et al. (Sharan and Ideker, 2006) extensively discusses some of these methods. Well-known pairwise global alignment tools are IsoRank (Singh et al., 2007), PISwap (Chindelevitch et al., 2010), MI-GRAAL (Kuchaiev and Prulj, 2011), Natalie 2.0 (El-Kebir et al., 2011) and GHOST (Patro and Kingsford, 2012). 

*To*:

Among pairwise local alignment tools are PathBlast (Kelley et al., 2004), MaWISh (Koyutu¨ rk et al., 2005), NetworkBlast (Kalaev et al., 2008), NetAligner (Pache et al., 2012). A review by Sharan et al. (Sharan and Ideker, 2006) extensively discusses some of these methods. Well-known pairwise global alignment tools are IsoRank (Singh et al., 2007), PISwap (Chindelevitch et al., 2010), MI-GRAAL (Kuchaiev and Prulj, 2011), Natalie 2.0 (El-Kebir et al., 2011), *PINALOG* (Phan and Sternberg, 2012), GHOST (Patro and Kingsford, 2012) and *SIPINAL* (Aladag and Erten, 2013).

---

*From*:

(_References_)

Flannick,J. _et al_. (2009) Automatic Parameter learning for multiple local network alignment. J. Comput. Biol., 16, 1001-1022.

*To*

Flannick, J., Novak, A., Do, C., Srinivasan, B., and Batzoglou, S. (2008). Automatic
parameter learning for multiple network alignment. In M. Vingron and L. Wong,
editors, Research in Computational Molecular Biology, volume 4955 of Lecture
Notes in Computer Science, pages 214–231. Springer Berlin Heidelberg.

---

*From*:

(_The first paragraph in complexity analysis_)

the running time complexity of Edmond's Algorithm on B_s is O(|V_{s1}\cup V_{s2}|).

*To*

the running time complexity of Edmond's Algorithm on B_s is O(|V_{s1}\cup V_{s2}||E_s|log|E_s|).